__NOTOC__

==smc.mw==

A mediawiki-compatible parser for Python.

=== Using ===

To run the tests:

<pre>
$ make -C tests
</pre>

The test result can be found in tests/out/report.html.

A command line tool is available, too (installed as "mw"):

<pre>
$ echo "''Hello World''" | python smc/mw/tool.py
<html><body><p><i>Hello World</i>
</p></body></html>
</pre>

=== Differences ===

For specific differences, see the [http://htmlpreview.github.io/?http://github.com/lambdafu/smc.mw/blob/master/tests/out/report-0001.html test results].

* _&#95;TOC__ and other magic words must appear on a line on their own, while MediaWiki allows them everyhwere with some strange consequences.

===Thanks===

The parser uses the [https://bitbucket.org/apalala/grako grako] parser
generator for PEG grammars by ResQSoft Inc. and Juancarlo Añez.

Currently, my stateful parsing branch must be used, until the changes
are merged upstream:

https://bitbucket.org/lambdafu/grako/commits/branch/lambdafu-stateful

===Authors===

* Marcus Brinkmann, m.brinkmann@semantics.de


===Copyright===

====smc.mw====

Copyright (C) 2013 semantics GmbH.  All Rights Reserved.

For licensing, see the file LICENSE.txt.

semantics<br/>
Kommunikationsmanagement GmbH<br/>
Viktoriaallee 45<br/>
D-52066 Aachen<br/>
Germany<br/>
<br/>
email: info(at)semantics.de<br/>
url: http://www.semantics.de/

====jquery====

smc.mw includes jquery in the test suite under tests/static/jquery-1.10.1.min.js:

<pre>
Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other contributors
http://jquery.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>

====Test Data====

The test data under tests/data/parserTests.txt and
tests/extra-data/*.txt is copied verbatim from the MediaWiki project:

<pre>
MediaWiki Parser test cases
Some taken from http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Parser_testing
All (C) their respective authors and released under the GPL
</pre>
